hi I'm Carrie back with curriculum
connection net and i'm here to show you
some really cool math books you may be
familiar with the circumference series a
lot of people seem to understand or have
heard of those that i have found some of
the best living books story books that
teach math believe it or not there are
story books that actually teach math
math is part of our lives that all be
part of stories as well let me just show
you some of these these are more for
younger kids maybe i don't know up to
fourth or fifth grade something like
that even starting even in five years
old let me show you what I mean this
first book a place 40 is all about place
value and zero having a place in not
leaving it off for doing problems we see
these are very well done lots of color
great stories as well equal Schmidt all
what a name all about equal sides of an
equation and what does equal really mean
once again really fun story tug of war
type thing to show what's equal and
what's not once upon a dime this is
something that is a good story but it
also talks about many dimes and nickels
and those type of things so this is a
great way to introduce your children to
to money soul a moth medics adventure
another one about money but it talks
about an auction you can even relate
that to
they couldn't you but this is a real
auctioneer in the story of a young man
at the back we've got a little form that
your children could fill out if they
ever did want to go to an auction or if
they were saving their allowance for
something Alison postal and you know
Alice in Wonderland as who is based on
with God Dallas right down here and
she's throughout the entire story well
there she is again she is learning all
about numbers and adding that type of
thing with a quantum cat who's adding
spice so it's all sorts of number
possibilities here in Alison pasta linen
and finally this set with the
multiplying menace The Revenge of
Rumpelstiltskin you can see lots of fun
in this particular book but it's all
about multiplying and that is really
just adding quickly it does introduce
the concept of a fraction as well now
all of these are what we call our young
method ensures if you would like to grab
a copy of any one of these there's a
link at the end of this video if you
decide to get all of it will give you a
big discount isn't that cool so let me
just review we've got multiplying menace
Alison postilions soul once upon a dime
equal equal and a place for zero I've
carried that critter love connection not
net have a great day